.. DIMS Job Descriptions documentation master file.

.. _dimsjobdescriptions:

DIMS Job Descriptions v |release|
=================================

.. _introduction:

Introduction
============

This document (version |release|) contains descriptions of the basic skill sets
and tasks that are involved in the Distributed Incident Management System
(DIMS) project. It is based on the programming languages, operating systems,
pre-existing open source components, and architectural design that make up
DIMS.

As this project involves security information management and communication,
general experience with computer security concepts (both attack and defense),
TCP/IP networking, client/server communication using standardized protocols,
and at least a basic understanding of computer forensics and computer security
incident response are ideal.  Where there is weakness in any of these areas, a
demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technologies "on the job" will be
expected.

The DIMS project is primarily a *system integration* and *software development*
project that has as its deliverables a complete *functional system of systems*,
with documented *test and evaluation*, *user manuals*, *software version
description*, and multiple *open source software repositories* that allow
someone to implement a DIMS system locally.

Skill sets described in the sections below are broken down to a level of
granularity greater than the number and type of actual positions of DIMS staff,
student research assistants, and contractors.  In other words, these sections
are not intended to map 1:1 to discrete team positions.  Rather, the staff,
student research assistants, and contractors working on the DIMS project may be
called upon to perform tasks from more than one of these sections as needed.
The exception to this statement is that *all* DIMS team members *are* expected
to meet (or be willing to quickly learn) the :ref:`generalrequirements` listed
in the first section.

.. toctree::
   :numbered:
   :maxdepth: 2
   
   general
   referenceddocs
   frontend
   backend
   sysadmin
   projectmgmt

Contact
~~~~~~~

.. sectionauthor:: Dave Dittrich (@davedittrich) <dittrich @ u.washington.edu>

License
~~~~~~~

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

Copyright |copy| 2014-2017 University of Washington. All rights reserved.

.. include:: license.txt
   :literal:
